7 stored cells:
cell 0 | cell 1 | None  
cell 2 | cell 3 | cell 4
cell 5 | cell 6 | None  

20 boundary connections:
bound: cell 0, solid
bound: cell 0, cell 1
bound: cell 0, solid
bound: cell 0, cell 2
bound: cell 1, solid
bound: cell 1, solid
bound: cell 1, cell 3
bound: cell 2, solid
bound: cell 2, cell 3
bound: cell 2, cell 5
bound: cell 3, cell 4
bound: cell 3, cell 6
bound: cell 4, solid
bound: cell 4, solid
bound: cell 4, solid
bound: cell 5, solid
bound: cell 5, cell 6
bound: cell 5, solid
bound: cell 6, solid
bound: cell 6, solid
